  Erica Krimmel:Welcome, we will begin the webinar shortly, at 3pm EST
  Arkansas Center for Biodiversity Collections (ACBC):Hi Erica! 
  Erica Krimmel:Hi!
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Looks fine here
  MK- UC Berkeley:good to know! thx
  Erica Krimmel:Good!
  Mariel Campbell:Projects and accessions?
  MK- UC Berkeley:We will cover that at the end
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Would pictures be something you would add to an accession, or would it be better to attach them to a specimen?
  Mariel Campbell:ok
  Arkansas Center for Biodiversity Collections (ACBC):Can the accession number field be automated or does it need to be entered by hand for each record? 
  MK- UC Berkeley:yes it can be automated
  Arkansas Center for Biodiversity Collections (ACBC):Thanks!
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Thank you
  Arkansas Center for Biodiversity Collections (ACBC):Yes :) 
  Mariel Campbell:can also get a specimen list via the accession list
  Lindsey Worcester (Morton Arboretum):Could Arctos be used to link between herbarium specimens and living collections? 
  Erica Krimmel:Good question, and one we should come back to at the end, but short answer is yes (depending on what exactly you're envisioning)
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):Lindsey, I say yes as well. I have tried to get my grounds crew here at UTEP to move their living collection data (they have a database of trees and certain plants on campus) to Arctos. We could connect their specimens with any herbarium sheets and even other specimens colelcted on the plants (insects).
  Mary Beth, University of Alabama Museums:Can Arctos notify me in some manner when a lone is due? 
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):I have a question about the "next loan number" function. Do you have to number loans in a certain way to make that work? I haven't been able to get it to work for me...
  Lindsey Worcester (Morton Arboretum):Awesome, thanks, Erica and Teresa! 
  Erica Krimmel:Mary Beth, yes and you can also set other people to recieve reminders (they would be listed as contacts on the Arctos loan)
  MK- UC Berkeley:Teresa, I will ask Carla after this topic
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:If you do a loan to an artist and they produce a painting from it, would you attach a scan of the painting to the loan?
  Mary Beth, University of Alabama Museums:Thanks, Erica!
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Or to the project?
  Mariel Campbell:Can you repeat the question? We can't hear?
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):Nope
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:We can hear Carla, but not Michelle
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Thank you!
  Mariel Campbell:Carla, can you point out the reports function for loan invoices etc?
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Do you create data loans for all researchers visiting to your collection if they are coming to examine specimens?
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):If they examine specimens, I create an in-house loan.
  Erica Krimmel:I turned on everyone's microphones, so if you'd like to speak you are welcome to
  Erica Krimmel:We have other Arctos users in the audience who might have insight as we talk about questions for the last 10 minutes
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):When someone asks me for data, I create a data loan. If they touch a specimen, I create one of the other forms of loans.
  Emily Braker:I always create an in-house loan for visiting researchers. If they don't know  exactly which specimens they will be examining ahead of time I have them record catalog numbers as they go. That way I can print out a loan header ahead of time and have them sign it in person, and then create an invoice listing the specimens examined after the fact.
  Mariel Campbell:Can you show that linkage?
  Mariel Campbell:E.g. how you link projects to loans and accessions in the forms?
  Erica Krimmel:Get your questions in now if you have 'em!
  Mary Beth, University of Alabama Museums:So does a data lone or in-house loan replace a sign-in book to the collections?
  Erica Krimmel:Mary Beth, either or both could depending on how your institution decided to track this kind of use
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):Mary Beth, it could if you colelct all the same data about the borrower that you would keep in a sign-in book!
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):*collect
  Lindsey Worcester (Morton Arboretum):Thanks!!!
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Thanks everyone!
  Mary Beth, University of Alabama Museums:Okay, thanks everyone!
  Erica Krimmel:http://tinyurl.com/iDigbioArctosWebinar3
  nachofelpete:Hi everyone. Congrats for such a great app. It really looks great.
  Erica Krimmel:http://arctosdb.org/learn/webinars
  Erica Krimmel:http://bit.ly/arctosweb-4
  Mary Beth, University of Alabama Museums:Bye!
  Mariel Campbell:Thanks!
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):Thanks!
  nachofelpete:Thank you!