  Erica Krimmel:Hello, we will begin the webinar in approx. 50 minutes at 3pm Eastern
  Erica Krimmel:Hi Hayley!
  Hayley Singleton, Beneski Museum/Amherst College:Hi Erica! :)
  Erica Krimmel:Hi everyone, we will get started in just a minute
  Erica Krimmel:To all: please let us know if you are having trouble seeing the screen being shared throughout the webinar--we have tried to maximize the window but can make it even larger if needed
  Erica Krimmel:And we will be having an entire webinar dedicated to taxonomy in Arctos...!
  Carla Cicero:We also will be having an entire webinar dedicated to media!
  Carla Cicero:Kyndall, how woulld you know to enter 'parka' in identification versus part name?
  Carla Cicero:erika, can you repeat question about part name?
  Erica Krimmel:Also, for cultural collections the part names are more generic, like "object" vs. "study skin"
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Can you link projects together? For an example - if you have a project for an agency, and then a mass die off project on some of those specimens?
  Kyndall Hildebrandt: University of Alaska Museum:How to Search Cultural Collections: UAM Ethnology: https://www.uaf.edu/museum/collections/ethno/search-collections/UAM Archaeology: https://www.uaf.edu/museum/collections/archaeo/collections/
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Yep! Thank you
  Carla Cicero:so if you only were interested in parkas made out of a specific species of mammal, could you do that?
  cindy opitz, Uiowa MNH:How many cultural-object collections are in Arctos now?
  Carla Cicero:thanks
  cindy opitz, Uiowa MNH:glad to hear it!
  Carla Cicero:I also think that the VertNet folks have been testing  how to deal with cultural collections as well - Kyndall, do you know anything about that? Are the cultural collections available on the VertNet IPT?
  Erica Krimmel:As we near the end of the hour, don't forget to fill our our post-webinar survey, please! http://tinyurl.com/iDigBioArctos2webinar
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Does anyone know of any examples of classroom lessons that use the Arctos search function?
  cindy opitz, Uiowa MNH:Carla, do you mean cultural collections in general on VertNet, or just ones containing animal materials?
  Carla Cicero:I don't see them on the IPT, but it's worth following up on that
  Carla Cicero:Cindy, I'm not exactly sure what they were testing and whether it was limited to animal materials. I can ask John Wieczorek.
  Kyndall Hildebrandt: University of Alaska Museum:Here is the link: http://aimup.unm.edu/
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):https://youtu.be/XQwXw0e9w-E
  Beth Wommack, UWYMV:Thank you, that will be helpful for directing teachers towards
  Erica Krimmel:http://tinyurl.com/iDigBioArctos2webinar
  Nathan - Selby Gardens:Thanks!!
  Margaret Oliver:Thank you
  Carla Cicero:thanks
  Teresa Mayfield (UTEP):thanks!
  Hayley Singleton, Beneski Museum/Amherst College:Thanks!!
  Phyllis Sharp:Thanks!
  Jeff Bradley, Burke Museum, Seattle:Thanks!  (yep silence = "no")